Add hint not to use NFS (#3608)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/hardware-requirements.adoc

The size of the disk for repositories storage is dependent on the number of distributions and channels you intend to manage with {productname}.
See the tables in this section for guides to estimate the size required.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Do not use NFS for storage as it doesn't support SELinux file labeling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use NFS for storage because it does not support SELinux file labeling.
```
